{
  "title": "2022-2023 PTA Meeting Minutes",
  "description": "Overview of 2022-2023 PTA Meeting Minutes",
  "published": true,
  "body": {
    "raw": "\n## Dec 7, 2023\n\nNuts and bolts\n\n- 2pm is best for bi-weekly  \n- Third Street Music Bill still owed  \n  - $10,500 from last year 22-23  \n  - School covers Third St 10,500 for this year 23-24   \n  - Solve for this years  Â½ of teaching assistant position still owed  \n    - 9k Teaching never got paid (Dyanthe says we are all good here if we reallocate the accounting to Third Street, and settle the balance with Third Street directly)  \n    - Cash balance to Third Street  \n    - NC/Mario update   \n- Photo Day  \n  - Alex \\- school wide comms on status to send out PTA this week\n\nPTA Needs and School Needs\n\n- Organizing  \n  - PTA  \n  - Dyanthe Meeting\n\n## Nov 28, 2023\n\n**Agenda**\n\n**Holiday Fair**\n\n* update from Tatiana, how can we help?  \n* Which class is doing what?  \n  * Photobooth Class 313 (Adrianna leads)  \n* SWAG orders, TBD (Mario and Vanessa connect yesterday)   \n  * Mario update on Vanessa swag sale  \n    * Travis making silk screens  \n    * Amy talking to designers. Maybe Emil working with kids  \n    * Emil and Alva working a booth  \n* PTA table  \n* Staffing: set-up, clean-up etc.   \n* Decorations  \n* Food- donations or vendors?  \n  * Look into sponsors from local businesses  \n  * Do parents have businesses to promote/add?  \n* How money is handled  \n  * Tickets for individual activities  \n  * One time fee for box maze  \n* Dyanthe \\- teacher asks? Dyanthe has offered to have staff offer experiences for a raffle (i.e. lunch date with Cheryl)  \n  * Movie with Shaquawn  \n  * Sports with Andy  \n  * Games day with School Support\n\n**Events**\n\n* Jan 12th and 19th   \n* Lakeside\n\n**New Teacher for 4/5**\n\n* Still no teacher  \n* Waiting from DOE\n\n**Fundraising**\n\n* Update from Nicole  \n* We are very underfunded right now  \n  * We didnâ€™t have to pay for an assistant but still in deficit  \n  * Less from events and direct donations  \n  * A little bit from square  \n  * No money coming through paypal or konstella  \n    * We need to reask for this year. People may not realize that their recurrent donations arenâ€™t happening  \n  * Matt to ask Lizzie Simonâ€™s guidance  \n  * We need leadership on getting people to spread word  \n* Annual Give/Ask to go out this week  \n* Photos  \n* Advocacy ticketed events?  \n* Auction \\- folder from last year? Johanna Birnbaum and Kate Doering are ready to start working on this event  \n* Event recaps \\- looping in Mario for Art Day etc.\n\n**Treasurer**\n\n* Vote Stephanie in at next PTA meeting\n\n**Bank setup**\n\n* Signatory update complete, one more visit to complete Debit card and Wire transfer capabilities\n\n**Volunteer Needs**\n\n**PTA Treasurer Candidate-** Stephanie Skaf \\- we have bio- do we need to vote?\n\n**Newsletter Communications \\- Thought starters below**\n\n* **Email Noise and perception of 'too much stuff'**  \n  * Konstella email notification system contributes to this as well. There are lots of 'emails' but it's not always easy for families to understand how to prioritize.   \n* **Blind Spots on PTA message efficacy**  \n  * Content overload within one email could be inhibiting PTA's ability to drive home the salient points.   \n* **Execution**  \n  * if we agree that two emails is the move, i.e. PTA Need-to-Know and Dyanthe's Weekly Newsletter, we'll work with Denise/Dyanthe to ensure they send out Dyanthe's letter on their own (vs PTA sending on their behalf); PTA can keep process as-is for our newsletter  \n* **Data-driven communication strategy**  \n  * Platform switch would be a biggie, but there is probably a lot we can do starting with open-rate and timing/segmentation (per what has worked with Advocacy)\n\n---\n\n## Oct 31, 2023\n\n* [Roles/Duties Office Staff 23-24](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CqeQJPluWODAHsrPPGmaNprTs8Fo1jkaNTMrN9fl6yM/edit)  \n* [Permits Detail.pdf](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rJ534LSx2tyCveDn-PbWAy1zctWjIJcp/view?usp=drive_link)  \n* [PTA 9.26.23 Roles and Responsibilities Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/118dTF0zdFhI3rjOg7HBfuTB_LZJy-3VKHkKICD4eT6I/edit)  \n  * [https://www.ps10.org/groups/78217/pta/executive\\_board](https://www.ps10.org/groups/78217/pta/executive_board)\n\n**Agenda**\n\n**Communication strategy Moving from Reactive â†’ Proactive**\n\n- **Rain and air quality comms**  \n- **Teacher departures (Tiffany)**  \n- **Literacy curriculum**  \n- **5th Grade â€˜gradingâ€™ system and middle school application**  \n- **Field trips/buses**  \n- **Neighborhood Day**  \n- **504 Protocols**\n\n* Photo Day Adriana and Alex  \n  * November date, TBD confirmation  \n  * Coordination w Dyanthe/Denise â€“ aiming for 11/6-11/10\n\n\n* Finance committee  \n  * \\- NC on point to get this going with support from Lisa Skeen (and Adriana im positive Iâ€™ll lean on you a bit as well, just a heads up ðŸ˜…)  \n  * \\- Auction playbook from last year \\- Amy  \n  * \\- annual give/ask materials, goals and timeline  \n  * Budget review/status since we need this for fundraising ask?  \n  * Website \\- Donate Page, Tax ID \\#  \n    * Alex  \n  * Corporate Matching push before EOY  \n  * Konstella annual ask live  \n    * Nicole  \n  * Advocacy \\+ Fundraising  \n    * EL Right to Read Screening \\- $25k sponsorship ask  \n    * Superintendent budget for events   \n    * Enrollment strategy (Press/Awareness \\- Chalkbeat)\n\n\n* Advocacy  \n  * quick review of agenda and literacy updates\n\n\n* Events \\- Tatiana on point   \n  * Nov and Dec Movie Nights  \n  * Pie Day (pre-Thanksgiving)  \n  * Holiday Fair?  \n    * Class parents â€“ each has a table to staff (Tatiana to coordinate sign-ups and volunteer outreach with Matilde)  \n  * Ice Skating  \n    * Targeting 1st week after Dec/Jan break (pending Lakeside dates)  \n    * Teachers: Raja and Andy coordinating buses  \n  * Art Day \\- Amy  \n    * 11/11  \n    * $5k Goal  \n      * Model: Workshop with suggested donation  \n    * Insta, Website, D1 share-out  \n    * PTA Table  \n  * Permitting to be handled by Events Committee  \n    * Coordinate dates/calendar-keeping with Denise\n\n* Parent Engagement  \n  * \\- calendar review  \n  * \\- Shaquawn and Denise roles/responsibilities (Iâ€™m hoping to make this clearer as I shape infrastructure elements)\n\n\n* Infrastructure\\!  \n  * \\- NC on point â€” PTA operating needs, â€œhow we workâ€ in relation to TNS office/building roles/responsibilities   \n      \n  * Co-secretary, (Shannon)  \n    * agenda print-out  \n    * Minutes recording  \n    * Post-meeting: minutes shared with Alex for posting on website  \n  * Co-secretary, (Phoebe)  \n    * support  \n  * Co-president, Brooke  \n    * D1 rep  \n    * Newsletter editing  \n      * Committee head \\+ Cheryl \\+ Denise reminders  \n  * and co-treasurer roles:   \n    * Mario,   \n    * Stephanie Schall (liaison to Fundraising committee??)  \n  * SLT role in the PTA: ensure communication, divide and conquer  \n  * \\- another pass at defining co-president roles  \n  * \\- goals for the year\n\n## ---\n\n## Jul 19, 2023\n\n## Agenda\n\n* Quick review of major take-aways (positives/challenges) from the 22-23 school year (5 mins)   \n  * Discussion of office being bumpy  \n  * Budget for an assistant principal \\- does that lose   \n  * Yearbook effort  \n  * Art Day  \n  * Bake Sales  \n  * Idea for Photo Dayâ€“ Use TNS parents as photographers \\- can Art Committee take it on?  \n  * Treasurerâ€™s communication/tasks  \n  * Make community by exampleâ€“invite all parents to Queens Night Market  \n* School Budget update â€“ Timothy? (5 mins)  \n  * 2022-23 budget with some unofficial ballpark income projections, for reference: [TNS working actuals and updated budget projections 22-23 Feb](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fZ_RE8EdGV1GxAZpE2tjxOaCkHjLugp3ZywbnRqXodw/edit?usp=sharing)  \n  * Timothy did NOT meet with Dyanthe after all  \n* Events Calendar â€“ Tatiana and Matt (10 mins)  \n  * From archived google files, for reference: [EventDescriptions.docx](https://docs.google.com/document/d/0BxAxAG46cJU0S194RnNGMU8yMExEX0hTT0ZuUUVjNGdzMlln/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=108051417169201540382&resourcekey=0-AD4yMSMSR3MQ960rk6A0SQ&rtpof=true&sd=true)  \n  * Events  \n    * September: Welcome back Potluck, morning breakfast, Neighborhood Day  \n    * October \\- Halloween  \n    * November \\- picture day & pie sale  \n    * December \\- cookie walk, rhythm & rice  \n    * January \\- Talent Show,   \n    * February \\- Art Day, chocolate walk  \n    * March \\- Spring Fling  \n    * April \\- Easter weekend & spring breakâ€“ spring fling  \n    * May \\- Baseball  \n    * JUne \\- field day, beach trip, graduation,   \n* New school year communications plan (10 mins)  \n  * Parent packets:   \n    * Calendar of events \\- Matt & Tatiana  \n    * Fundraising request \\- Amy  \n    * Setting expense expectations  \n      * Teacher giving \\- Matt & Tatiana  \n    * We are all responsible for making community  \n    * Committee descriptions  \n    * Swag links \\- Swag Committee \\- designer  \n  * Website update?   \n  * Board comms for drop-off/pick-ups a la community garden \\- as follow-up   \n* Teacher support (5-10 mins)  \n  * Who can directly email teachersâ€“what should we be bringing up at the upcoming meeting  \n  * Mention to   \n  * \n\n\t\n\n## May 9, 2023\n\n* **Treasurer's Report**: Adrianne or Adriana as a heads up we will need to have a treasurer's report ready for the PTA meeting next week. I also noticed from the FY cash it looks like expenses are coming in significantly under budget. Is this correct? I missed the treasurer's report last month and just want to make sure we are clear on expenses through Fall 23, summer cash needs, and projected P\\&L for Fall '23  \n  * Teacher reimbursements \\- timelines are typically EOY (can we nudge to get this earlier)  \n  * Event accounting to delineate expenses and income (can be solved with quick events retro)  \n* **In-Person meeting:** reminder that next week's PTA meeting on 5/16 is IRL in the small cafeteria. Due to attendance and participation, I'd like to propose moving all meetings to this time, and having a zoom Q\\&A/follow up for those who cannot meet in the mornings.  \n  * NC action item to change June schedule  \n* **Events events events**: there is a ton going on, we'll do another run through the tactical needs for various end of year events  \n  * Spring Fling Tactical  \n    * 6 tickets sold to date  \n    * Gaby on food (still a need)  \n    * Comms \\- everyone buy tickets and socialize with our peers in our classrooms; personalize the ask  \n      * Flier handout (stack in PTA room)  \n      * STAFF IS FREE\\!\\!  \n      * Class parent comms   \n      * Whatâ€™s the TLDR/Value Prop when you are at the Spring Fling \\- free food, OPEN BAR, DJ, cool art to look at   \n* **Updates/Asks from Dyanthe/Admin**  \n  * Community Day \\- classroom cleanout etc  \n    * Combine with Spring Neighborhood Day (lead needed)  \n  * Nominating and elections  \n    * 22â€™23â€™ \\- no nominating committee?  \n      * Elections did not happen until October (narrative was that it was a COVID-related holdover)  \n    * D1 bylaws \\- should happen by May/June  \n    * Existing Roles  \n      * Adriana \\- planning to stay on  \n      * Adrianne \\- planning to step off  \n      * Amy \\- potentially interested to move treasurer role  \n      * Nicole \\- likely to stay  \n    * Comms  \n      * One sheet \\- backpack and digital  \n      * Link to existing doc  \n  * Single location dropoff/pickup: planning for 3rd Street for 23â€™24â€™ school year (cannot consolidate this year due to teacher bandwidth); note \\- teachers prefer the outdoor dropoff to indoor (thinking ahead to inquiries to bring students directly to classrooms as in pre-COVID years)  \n* **How we work and Planning for '23-'24**: Nominations and Elections are technically slated for June, but we don't yet have a nominating committee or lead. I also have a proposal for addressing a phenomenon I hear about often \\-- that 90% of the work is done by 10% of the parent community.  \n  * Seasonal planning   \n    * Why?  \n    * How? break up committee work and recruit more execution-level volunteers, specific to the season  \n    * For example  \n      * Fall: Fall Neighborhood Day, New Family Welcome Comms, Full Community survey, SING, Movie Nights, Bake Sales, Grant Screening, etc.  \n      * Winter: Ice Skating, Annual Ask, Advocacy \\- testing opt-outs, Grant Writing/Submissions, etc.  \n      * Spring: Spring Neighborhood Day, Community Day, Teacher Appreciation, Graduation, Auction/Spring Fling, Alumni Comms, etc.  \n  * Exec Committee  \n    * Include: Class Parent Lead, Comms Lead, Events Lead\n\n## Apr 11, 2023\n\n**Treasurers Report [Apr 2023 linked here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DEZTBxUgc_XICpd9AzPsuWqFBK39h6TE_LBFGdgiobw/edit#gid=921297764)**\n\n- Accounting   \n  - 2nd half of the year \\- teaching assistant position; check due **asap**  \n    - 1st half of the year may not have been paid? No record \\- Adrianne to work through details of historical payments and wire  \n  - Camp reimbursements, buses etc \\- all clear now? Yes\\!  \n    - First year that PTA not paying balance (due to grant that Matt received)  \n  - Signatory change-over  \n    - NC to follow up  \n  - PTA Venmo, Class Parents, and Accounting \\- can we have families get into the habit of directly venmoing, whatâ€™s working/whatâ€™s not?   \n    - People pretty good with notes  \n    - PTA able to account using the dates  \n    - Signage and Communication updates:   \n      - No emojis\\! Excel canâ€™t read them :)  \n      - \\#Event name, i.e. BakeSale, MovieNight  \n- Finance  \n  - PTA report: Income, YTD v Goal Fundraising, Cash flow â€“ Adriana to share by EOW\n\n**Staff Update**\n\n- Restorative justice  \n  * Funding for Morningside circle work (full-teacher inclusion) \\- Dyanthe to share cost estimate with PTA  \n    * What does proposal need to look like for PTA to make decision, timing for this year and future years?\n\n**Fundraising**\n\n- Auction  \n  - Dates  \n  - Donations  \n- Auction Gala  \n  - Dates  \n  - Tickets \\- pricing  \n  - Volunteers?  \n- Ticketed Dinner  \n  - Dates: Mon, 5/22: 5:30 \\- 7:30 pm EST, Tue, 5/23: 5:30 \\- 7:30 pm EST, or Tue, 6/6: 5:30 \\- 7:30 pm EST\n\n**Events Update**\n\n- 2 more movie nights  \n- Candy Walk  \n- Sing \\+ Bake Sales (separate for school year 23-24)  \n- 1st Week of May: Teacher Appreciation Week (donate food on a Friday for Teachers or by grade band so there is something each day \\- i.e. Breakfast for the week)  \n  - payment/donation method \\- even or per class?  \n  - 20% for Para/Assistant/Security  \n- Neighborhood Day  \n- Beach Pre-K/K1  \n- Field Day\n\n**Opt out**: 87%+ and  aiming to get to 90%\n\n- For next year:   \n  - Reminder that Participation is a data point to determine TSI status  \n  - Include screener as part of standardized opt-out next year\n\n**Graduation/Yearbook Committees**\n\n- Indoor \\+ outdoor reception  \n- Yearbook: Tree-ring  \n  - Adriana as parent lead\n\n## \n\n## Mar 14, 2023\n\n## Topics for Discussion:\n\n[Co-pres Weeklies](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZZLCj5FEGeHivHglpZYG_tEVqVqgZop25PZAD4mgtq4/edit#)\n\nGrade 3/4/5 Testing\n\n- \\# of opt-outs vs total number of students eligible for testing\n\nIce Skating\n\n- Fee gaps \\- Adriana to ask teachers  \n- Matt \\- collecting checks, likely with Adrienne\n\nPTA\n\n- Class Parents communications now that we have PTA Venmo \\- can we have families get into the habit of directly venmo  \n- Check in with Adrienne on how this reporting/admin should work\n\nArt Day\\!\n\nFundraising, charging for events \n\n- Action items  \n  - Event calendar: Movie nights? \\~$2k per event, Additional events per Tatiana  \n  - NC \\- proposal to charge for events if we are under % YTD goal as compared % of year (i.e. if we are 60% into the year and under 60% to fundraising goal); Adriana to support filling out this calculation\n\nYearbook\n\nGraduation\n\nD1 Incoming Students?\n\n- See notes, no assignments and TNS (close to capacity, closer to capacity than other schools)\n\nPTA Room \\- TY Adriana and Jamie\\!\n\n- Jamieâ€™s picture \n\n## \n\n## Feb 7, 2023\n\n## Topics for Discussion:\n\nSuggestions from Amy:\n\n+ Teacher moraleâ€“any action items?  \n  + Reach out to Erin (Amy to make intro)  \n  + Class parents \\- appreciation, recognition  \n  + SLT representative to share out at next PTA meeting (school policy and governance, ie fund distribution) (Nicole to reach out to Aimee)  \n  + Valentines Day self-care (Timothy Class Parents comms)  \n+ [PTA calendar](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Adz30N5psgYkrWyTf8YDbtMkpnc5yq_dPmaWpjtyOLY/edit?usp=sharing) for Google   \n  + TNS PTA dates added to â€œTNS calendarâ€ (PTA presidents to gain access?)  \n+ Save the Date flyer \\+ Fundraising flyer \\- Generating QR code for Konstella (Amy \\+ Nicole)  \n  + Backpack moment  \n  + For any IRL events \\- banner?  \n+ Signage for upcoming events  \n+ Treasurerâ€™s Income update  \n  + **Venmo** ~~or Paypal~~ integration (YAY Adrianne\\! Has a â€˜TNSâ€™ phone)  \n  + YTD Fudraising  \n+ Communications  \n  + Internal and external comms (Konstella v website/IG) roles and responsibilities (i.e. can we ask someone on Communications to pull from the Volunteer section of the Newsletter and update on website each week?   \n+ Note to NC \\- financial report review/sign (PTA pres email)\n\n## Prep for Feb 15 PTA meeting\n\n+ SLT (Aimee and Alex?), D1, and committee reports as part of agenda?  \n  + Battle of the Bands  \n  + Save for College Q\\&A  \n  + December [Meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TUJJ4PNRFS4AsFxq3r0ALIbUbvfQbE4KDyRnVRe9IHI/edit?usp=sharing) and January [Meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V17hEsXKEemOWAnGaPlUsonn-buKIwit-O7HKXV13Io/edit?usp=sharing)   \n+ Dyanthe check-ins: [co-pres bi-weekly](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZZLCj5FEGeHivHglpZYG_tEVqVqgZop25PZAD4mgtq4/edit#heading=h.ajoblsurm79y) (missed last week) and Amyâ€™s asks:  \n  + 1\\) First of all, we're hoping to host another **Art Day** on a Saturday at the school. We'll do our best to host some parent-led workshops outside and in the open spaces on the first floor, but I anticipate needing use of some of the second floor classrooms as well. Currently, we're targeting **March 25th**, but April 1st could be an alternate day if that is better. As soon as you approve a date, I'll be sure to fill out the permit ASAP and will reach out to STAR to see if we can borrow the dance studio again.  \n  + 2\\) Secondly, we're hoping to start planning for the return of **Movie Nights**\\!  I know you had given the PTA approval to hold an indoor Movie Night in February, but in looking at the calendar it seems like **March 3rd** is the earliest, most realistic option. Does that work? Then the other dates we have targeted are:  \n    + Friday, **March 31st** (Indoor)  \n    + Friday, **April 28th** (potentially outdoor? indoor back-up)  \n    + Friday, **May 26th or June 2nd** (outdoor)  \n  + 3\\) Finally, since we're having such a mild winter, we were wondering if we could re-launch **outdoor SING** at the end of **March (31st)** rather than the end of April. In addition to it being such an important community-building tradition, it is also tied to successful bake sale fundraising so would love to fit one more in this year.  \n    \n\n## Prep for Dec 13 PTA meeting\n\n**1/17 meeting:**\n\n- **~~NC check that konstella is updated for morning meeting in cafeteria~~**  \n- Brooke, Adriana, Amy, Nicole \\- confirmed to attend  \n- Action items  \n  - Amy \\- notes from last meeting  \n  - Budget approval  \n- Committee leadership  \n  - Needs: Diversity, Community, Arts, Advocacy\n\n**Denise Asks**\n\n- Parent ambassadors   \n  - daycare outreach to speak for recruitment  \n  - non-English speaking  \n  - D1 Training (denise inquiring)  \n  - PTA room closet \\- for kidsâ€™ clothes â€˜TNS exchangeâ€™ \\- Denise to keep inventory  \n    - PTA room cleanout (maybe Amy Warren to lead?) â€“ next half day?  \n- Co-host event with PTA EOY before elections  \n  - Spring Parent appreciation \\- awards for participation \\- Class Parents, Tour Volunteers, D1 Event; also becomes recruitment for PTA  \n- Tour Guide needs/set up etc. (open to any current parent?) \\- at least 3 parents per tour session  \n  - Denise to share blurb \\- ie the kids lead and the parents are there to talk about school when relevant questions come up  \n  - Tuesday tour guide needs\n\n\n  \n**Dyanthe Asks**\n\n- Field Trip Grant \\- set up as a reimbursement does PTA need to issue a check?  \n- \n\n**Denise**\n\n- Parent ambassadors   \n  - daycare outreach to speak for recruitment  \n  - non-English speaking  \n  - D1 Training (denise inquiring)  \n  - PTA room closet \\- for kidsâ€™ clothes â€˜TNS exchangeâ€™ \\- Denise to keep inventory  \n    - PTA room cleanout (maybe Amy Warren to lead?) â€“ next half day?  \n- Co-host event with PTA EOY before elections  \n  - Spring Parent appreciation \\- awards for participation \\- Class Parents, Tour Volunteers, D1 Event; also becomes recruitment for PTA\n\n**Parent Asks**\n\n**Newsletter ongoing support**\n\n- Template  \n  - Dyantheâ€™s message  \n  - PTA  \n  - Volunteer Corner  \n  - Announcements (list TNSPresident email for inbound from parent community)  \n  - Fundraising\n\n**Treasurers Report**\n\n- Fundraising  \n  - [Annual Ask](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vJViH3Pj89ESw5mUvznHqJaL3cdv_6M37uRKRAzBpN4/edit)  \n  - Raised to Date  \n  - Meeting next week  \n- Budget voting  \n  - See Adrianneâ€™s email\n\n**Volunteer Corner**\n\n- Ice skating  \\- Dyanthe to make the ask/callout community  \n- Diversity  \n- Tour Guides (covered above)\n\n**Whatâ€™s Around the Bend** \n\n- [TNS Calendar 22-23](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Adz30N5psgYkrWyTf8YDbtMkpnc5yq_dPmaWpjtyOLY/edit#gid=0) (internal)  \n  - HIstorical: [2018/2019 Calendar/Committee Leads](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XDox1pAia1TL_xGZ04jGE7EKeUYnrjVxI1NxG3mYZ-g/edit#gid=1972890706)  \n- Community Engagement Survey / NPS  \n- Graduation \\+ Yearbook\n\n**Admin reminders (exec only)**\n\n- PTA mailbox  \n- Domain name expiration notice â†’ Alex Estes  \n- New Victory Theater tickets (auction winner) \\--\\> Amy\n\n\n## \n\n## Dec 7, 2022 \n\n## Prep for Dec 13 PTA meeting\n\nPre-Comms w Dyanthe (Nicole)\n\n- Indoor events for winter? I.e. Sing, fundraising Movie Nights (wait until Feb, adults must show proof of vax)  \n  - Spring outdoor events in courtyard to make events 100% inclusive  \n- Staff:   \n  - Nurse double check (agency nurse, last day 12/22 of current; no news yet on who it will be â€“ not a budget issue, an agency/logistics issue; FYI it is DOE budget; school is def on high alert because of % student body administered meds during school day)  \n  - AP \\- guarantee for next year, but may be possible to bring someone on March â€˜23. Dyanthe \\+ superintendent with process to-come  \n    - FYI PTA cannot fund an AP directly  \n    - (but we can fund other initiatives that would then free up budget for AP)  \n- Budget (amyâ€™s ask)  \n  - Arts+Enrichment  \n    - School Sounds  \n    - Studio in th School  \n    - 3rd Street Music  \n    - Coach Juan  \n    - Camp  \n    - NYC Ballet Co. Partnership  \n  - Community+Diversity+Inclusion  \n    - Ackerman Institute  \n    - EJRoc  \n    - The Talk  \n  - Admin  \n    - Graduation \\+ Yearbook\n\nAgenda WIP \\- (Amy)\n\n- *Seasonal/Timeliness:*   \n  - Teacher & Staff Appreciation: [Holiday Gifts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SqkKtK2kE_vlg4IVkEPleOkAjTMCR2oIxu0chKgQ408/edit#heading=h.21j4nc6fwxjv)  \n  - Calendar Review  \n  - Jan/Feb Tours (FULL\\!)  \n      \n- *Dyanthe Update*  \n- *Staff*  \n  - School Nurse via agency  \n  - AP situation (Dyanthe update)  \n      \n- *Erinâ€™s Update*  \n    \n- *Budget Approval (lean vs goal income) (Amy+Adrianne)*  \n    \n- *Committees*  \n  - Encourage Parents to step up (Amy)  \n    - Arts committee \\- how it started, how it helped our community  \n    - Others: Advocacy, Diversity, Garden, Wellness, Eco, Graduation, Yearbook, Fundraising, Communications  \n      - Identify a need  \n      - Identify partners/goals/budget  \n      - Make it happen\\!  \n  - Fundraising  \n    - NEW: External Annual Ask  \n    - Parents Annual Ask  \n  - PTA Room  \n    - Apply for window open-up?  \n    - Continue the Cleanup\\! I.e. bringing back Community Day \\- Spring  \n        \n- *Survey (NC)*  \n  - Parents  \n  - Teachers  \n  - Fundraising  \n  - Communication  \n    - Post-survey deliverable: Communication landscape- (NC)  \n      - Class Parents (Shannon, Amanda)  \n      - Teachers (?? SLT \\- Aimee)  \n      - Dyanthe (Timothy, Nicole)  \n      - D1 (Brooke)  \n      - Exec Committee   \n      - Execution (move to survey only)  \n        - PTA Minutes and Agendas  \n        - Newsletter  \n        - Tools: Konstella, Google Docs, WhatsApp\n\n??\n\n|  [Translate Email](https://www.konstella.com/activity-preview.html?usg=CNwJJWQliPnI9iQ5YR4%2Ffw%3D%3D&tst=1670345437687&prm=activityId,uid,enableTranslator&activityId=638f72939b989b3a44ddfd66&uid=5fabf51e9adf13cd2ce5fc71&enableTranslator=true) Dyanthe's Letter and TNS Newsletter 12.6.22 The Neighborhood School Dear Families, Part of our work this year is building and strengthening our school community and wanting to hear new voices and ways of thinking forward.  Historically,  TNS Committees, made up of staff and parents, were core structures in our school.  They moved us along in our work as a small, progressive, and fiercely independent school within a much larger system.  They included the Diversity Committee, the Advocacy Committee, the Grants Committee, the Garden Committee, the Wellness Committee, and the Health and Safety Committee, to name a few.  Some of these were in response to issues facing TNS that particular year; others are long-lasting because the work is continuous and ever-evolving.   While some of these committees are still active, others must be revived and reimagined post-COVID.    |\n| ----- |\n\n## Nov 11, 2022 | [PTA Exec intro & Handoffs](https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=MjdtdG9rdWNqc3V1ZGRmNnZ1amplNDNhdDAgbmljb2xlQHRoZXNwbGVuZGlkc3Bvb24uY29t)\n\nAttendees: [Amanda Riesman](mailto:amandariesman@gmail.com) [Adriana Hammonds](mailto:aohammonds@gmail.com) [A P](mailto:apoueymirou@gmail.com) [Timothy Tait](mailto:bottledspider@gmail.com) [brookemoreland@gmail.com](mailto:brookemoreland@gmail.com) [The Chanquists](mailto:chanquist@gmail.com) [Coral Nogueras](mailto:coral.nogueras@gmail.com) [Nicole Centeno](mailto:nicole@thesplendidspoon.com) [santiago.adrianne@gmail.com](mailto:santiago.adrianne@gmail.com)\n\n## Group Prompt\n\n*Whatâ€™s your â€˜one thingâ€™ youâ€™d like us to focus on this year?*\n\nTimothy\n\n* \n\nBrooke\n\n* \n\nAmy\n\n* Encouraging more parents to play leadership roles; bringing back \n\nAdrianne\n\n* \n\nAdriana\n\n* \n\nCoral\n\n* \n\nNicole\n\n* Defining the role of president as conduit between parents, teachers and Dyanthe \\- clarifying the most pressing issues of our community and helping to create a path to make it easier for parents to get involved/keep building.\n\n## \n\n**Hand-off details**\n\n* Aimee suggests talking about some of the hand-off issues in two ways: background context, and brass tacks of how things get done like Konstella  \n* Amanda shares document: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A3-pB6xrdEO4THMb74SgGnhk1YKIrEal-n4IqX\\_gJrk/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A3-pB6xrdEO4THMb74SgGnhk1YKIrEal-n4IqX_gJrk/edit?usp=sharing)  \n* Amanda mentions Harvey Epstein, our assembly member, as an important contact to hold-on to as heâ€™s a former PTA Pres. and accessible and has a discretionary fund for capital projects. His chief of staff is also very accessible  \n* SLT and Matt are facilitating the ongoing process of Title I funding and test scores  \n* PTA operational manual may have passwords that we are currently missing like the events gmail. Important questions: Do we need all of those email accounts? And if so, we need to follow-up with Cheryl, who we think is the point person on the TNS time.   \n* Amanda suggests that the secretaries review doc and maybe coordinate/prioritize information and insert into Operational Manual  \n* Amanda suggests that we consider bringing in more people as leads for parent engagement, fundraising, and events to fill out the executive committee.  \n* Thereâ€™s also the communication aspect and Amanda wonders if the secretary role can help out with specifically with newsletter; managing Konstella as well   \n* Timothy offers to help take over Konstella  \n* Question around Parent Engagement Officers of the PTA Exec Committee  \n* Also an overall structure for sharing notes and communicating with the rest of the parents should be discussed and improved. There is a need for someone to manage communication and priorities for Class Parents  \n* Discussion around how to consolidate/prioritize committeesâ€“single sign-ups vs. committee; question around how we let every parent know that there are opportunities for volunteering   \n* Amanda mentioned that there is an opportunity through Konstella to accept donationsâ€“monthly donations. Set it and hopefully people continue to renew it each and treat it something like Netflix.  \n* Amanda mentioned two other committees that could be re-invigorated: Wellness and Diversity Committee, which turned into the ABAR book club, which then dissolved because we didnâ€™t have a co-parent lead. Amanda spoke to Raquel about relaunching these committees and suggested Arnette Scott  \n* Amanda wanted to raise a couple of budget questions  \n  * Currently ballet program, American Ballet Company, is not in the budget. Amy suggested asking Dyanthe since sometimes the school covers the program  \n  * Farm sleep-away camp is currently not being planned yet since the Farm wonâ€™t accept external groupsâ€“Follow-up with Grace about the other camp theyâ€™ve gone to.  \n  * Sex Ed needs to come back for 4th & 5th grades  \n* By-laws pending item: DOE wanted us to vote to approve Zoom meetings. Also approved the use of a debit card. Question worth asking again: can we officially have Venmo? \n\n\n## \n\n## Brass Tacks stuff\n\nPeople  \nCo-Pres: Nicole, Tim  \nCo-Secretary: Amy, Coral, (Robert?)  \nCo-Treasurer: Adrianne, Adriana  \nCommittee Heads  \nSLT  \nD1\n\nProjects  \nCommunity Events  \nFundraising Goals  \nCommittees\n\nProcess  \nKonstella\n\n* [Training](https://www.konstella.com/public/training.html)  \n* TNS \\+ DOE \\= Google  \n* PTA/Parents \\= Konstella\n\nCommittee Playbooks  \nEvent Playbooks\n\n*LikeWishWonder*\n\n- TNS as a community  \n- More parents in the community  \n- Pandemic feeling among parents moving more positive  \n- Zoomâ€™d out\\!\n\n## 11/15 Agenda\n\n- Dyanthe \\- Principalâ€™s report  \n  - Morning hour w Dyanthe topic: Newscycle  \n- Erin \\- Teacher report  \n- Turn the floor to PTA  \n  - Who/What/How: New Exec team, Calendar, Konstella  \n  - Treasurer's report, [22-23 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YAqkvNkFqWD6L_gMo3yhodY51l5BlIAu4VQBNlogMlw/edit#gid=1695590894), [Meeting Video](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1sIA83fiHt4yO9fpoo8GVOM0O7Ja6D-2H)  \n    - Action item: Annual Ask for family donation  \n  - Most pressing needs  \n    - Committees 1H/2H  \n      - \\*\\*Fundraising\n\n    \\- Bake squad: reminder that the thanksgiving pie sale is next week, tuesday and wednesday. Anyone interested can join on konstella. Parents can purchase pies for their teachers, as well.  \n\nAction items\n\n- [ ] MJ to Send invite for PTA Meeting  \n- [ ] Bank account info/Venmo info â†’ Timothy \\+ Nicole for Neighborhood Day transfers  \n- [ ] Adriana looking into Venmo capability for TNS/PTA  \n- [ ] D1 Meeting \\- Timothy/Brooke/Nicole\n\n",
    "code": "var Component=(()=>{var u=Object.create;var a=Object.defineProperty;var m=Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor;var p=Object.getOwnPropertyNames;var g=Object.getPrototypeOf,f=Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty;var y=(i,n)=>()=>(n||i((n={exports:{}}).exports,n),n.exports),b=(i,n)=>{for(var l in n)a(i,l,{get:n[l],enumerable:!0})},o=(i,n,l,t)=>{if(n&&typeof n==\"object\"||typeof n==\"function\")for(let r of p(n))!f.call(i,r)&&r!==l&&a(i,r,{get:()=>n[r],enumerable:!(t=m(n,r))||t.enumerable});return i};var k=(i,n,l)=>(l=i!=null?u(g(i)):{},o(n||!i||!i.__esModule?a(l,\"default\",{value:i,enumerable:!0}):l,i)),w=i=>o(a({},\"__esModule\",{value:!0}),i);var d=y((N,c)=>{c.exports=_jsx_runtime});var v={};b(v,{default:()=>s,frontmatter:()=>A});var e=k(d()),A={title:\"2022-2023 PTA Meeting Minutes\",description:\"Overview of 2022-2023 PTA Meeting Minutes\"};function h(i){let n={a:\"a\",br:\"br\",del:\"del\",em:\"em\",h2:\"h2\",hr:\"hr\",input:\"input\",li:\"li\",p:\"p\",span:\"span\",strong:\"strong\",table:\"table\",th:\"th\",thead:\"thead\",tr:\"tr\",ul:\"ul\",...i.components};return(0,e.jsxs)(e.Fragment,{children:[(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"dec-7-2023\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#dec-7-2023\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Dec 7, 2023\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Nuts and bolts\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"2pm is best for bi-weekly\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Third Street Music Bill still owed\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"$10,500 from last year 22-23\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"School covers Third St 10,500 for this year 23-24\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Solve for this years  \\xBD of teaching assistant position still owed\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"9k Teaching never got paid (Dyanthe says we are all good here if we reallocate the accounting to Third Street, and settle the balance with Third Street directly)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Cash balance to Third Street\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"NC/Mario update\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Photo Day\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Alex - school wide comms on status to send out PTA this week\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"PTA Needs and School Needs\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Organizing\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Dyanthe Meeting\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"nov-28-2023\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#nov-28-2023\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Nov 28, 2023\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Agenda\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Holiday Fair\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"update from Tatiana, how can we help?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Which class is doing what?\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Photobooth Class 313 (Adrianna leads)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"SWAG orders, TBD (Mario and Vanessa connect yesterday)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Mario update on Vanessa swag sale\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Travis making silk screens\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Amy talking to designers. Maybe Emil working with kids\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Emil and Alva working a booth\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA table\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Staffing: set-up, clean-up etc.\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Decorations\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Food- donations or vendors?\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Look into sponsors from local businesses\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Do parents have businesses to promote/add?\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"How money is handled\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Tickets for individual activities\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"One time fee for box maze\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Dyanthe - teacher asks? Dyanthe has offered to have staff offer experiences for a raffle (i.e. lunch date with Cheryl)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Movie with Shaquawn\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Sports with Andy\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Games day with School Support\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Events\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Jan 12th and 19th\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Lakeside\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"New Teacher for 4/5\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Still no teacher\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Waiting from DOE\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Fundraising\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Update from Nicole\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"We are very underfunded right now\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"We didn\\u2019t have to pay for an assistant but still in deficit\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Less from events and direct donations\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"A little bit from square\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"No money coming through paypal or konstella\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"We need to reask for this year. People may not realize that their recurrent donations aren\\u2019t happening\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Matt to ask Lizzie Simon\\u2019s guidance\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"We need leadership on getting people to spread word\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Annual Give/Ask to go out this week\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Photos\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Advocacy ticketed events?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Auction - folder from last year? Johanna Birnbaum and Kate Doering are ready to start working on this event\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Event recaps - looping in Mario for Art Day etc.\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Treasurer\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Vote Stephanie in at next PTA meeting\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Bank setup\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Signatory update complete, one more visit to complete Debit card and Wire transfer capabilities\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Volunteer Needs\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.p,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"PTA Treasurer Candidate-\"}),\" Stephanie Skaf - we have bio- do we need to vote?\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Newsletter Communications - Thought starters below\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Email Noise and perception of 'too much stuff'\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Konstella email notification system contributes to this as well. There are lots of 'emails' but it's not always easy for families to understand how to prioritize.\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Blind Spots on PTA message efficacy\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Content overload within one email could be inhibiting PTA's ability to drive home the salient points.\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Execution\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"if we agree that two emails is the move, i.e. PTA Need-to-Know and Dyanthe's Weekly Newsletter, we'll work with Denise/Dyanthe to ensure they send out Dyanthe's letter on their own (vs PTA sending on their behalf); PTA can keep process as-is for our newsletter\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Data-driven communication strategy\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Platform switch would be a biggie, but there is probably a lot we can do starting with open-rate and timing/segmentation (per what has worked with Advocacy)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.hr,{}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"oct-31-2023\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#oct-31-2023\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Oct 31, 2023\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CqeQJPluWODAHsrPPGmaNprTs8Fo1jkaNTMrN9fl6yM/edit\",children:\"Roles/Duties Office Staff 23-24\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rJ534LSx2tyCveDn-PbWAy1zctWjIJcp/view?usp=drive_link\",children:\"Permits Detail.pdf\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/118dTF0zdFhI3rjOg7HBfuTB_LZJy-3VKHkKICD4eT6I/edit\",children:\"PTA 9.26.23 Roles and Responsibilities Notes\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://www.ps10.org/groups/78217/pta/executive_board\",children:\"https://www.ps10.org/groups/78217/pta/executive_board\"})}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Agenda\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Communication strategy Moving from Reactive \\u2192 Proactive\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Rain and air quality comms\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Teacher departures (Tiffany)\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Literacy curriculum\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"5th Grade \\u2018grading\\u2019 system and middle school application\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Field trips/buses\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Neighborhood Day\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"504 Protocols\"})}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Photo Day Adriana and Alex\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"November date, TBD confirmation\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Coordination w Dyanthe/Denise \\u2013 aiming for 11/6-11/10\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Finance committee\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"- NC on point to get this going with support from Lisa Skeen (and Adriana im positive I\\u2019ll lean on you a bit as well, just a heads up \\u{1F605})\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"- Auction playbook from last year - Amy\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"- annual give/ask materials, goals and timeline\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Budget review/status since we need this for fundraising ask?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Website - Donate Page, Tax ID #\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Alex\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Corporate Matching push before EOY\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Konstella annual ask live\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Nicole\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Advocacy + Fundraising\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"EL Right to Read Screening - $25k sponsorship ask\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Superintendent budget for events\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Enrollment strategy (Press/Awareness - Chalkbeat)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Advocacy\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"quick review of agenda and literacy updates\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Events - Tatiana on point\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Nov and Dec Movie Nights\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Pie Day (pre-Thanksgiving)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Holiday Fair?\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Class parents \\u2013 each has a table to staff (Tatiana to coordinate sign-ups and volunteer outreach with Matilde)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Ice Skating\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Targeting 1st week after Dec/Jan break (pending Lakeside dates)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Teachers: Raja and Andy coordinating buses\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Art Day - Amy\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"11/11\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"$5k Goal\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Model: Workshop with suggested donation\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Insta, Website, D1 share-out\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA Table\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Permitting to be handled by Events Committee\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Coordinate dates/calendar-keeping with Denise\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Parent Engagement\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"- calendar review\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"- Shaquawn and Denise roles/responsibilities (I\\u2019m hoping to make this clearer as I shape infrastructure elements)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Infrastructure!\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"- NC on point \\u2014 PTA operating needs, \\u201Chow we work\\u201D in relation to TNS office/building roles/responsibilities\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Co-secretary, (Shannon)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"agenda print-out\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Minutes recording\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Post-meeting: minutes shared with Alex for posting on website\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Co-secretary, (Phoebe)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"support\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Co-president, Brooke\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"D1 rep\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Newsletter editing\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Committee head + Cheryl + Denise reminders\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"and co-treasurer roles:\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Mario,\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Stephanie Schall (liaison to Fundraising committee??)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"SLT role in the PTA: ensure communication, divide and conquer\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"- another pass at defining co-president roles\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"- goals for the year\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"---\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#---\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"---\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"jul-19-2023\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#jul-19-2023\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Jul 19, 2023\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"agenda\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#agenda\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Agenda\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Quick review of major take-aways (positives/challenges) from the 22-23 school year (5 mins)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Discussion of office being bumpy\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Budget for an assistant principal - does that lose\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Yearbook effort\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Art Day\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Bake Sales\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Idea for Photo Day\\u2013 Use TNS parents as photographers - can Art Committee take it on?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Treasurer\\u2019s communication/tasks\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Make community by example\\u2013invite all parents to Queens Night Market\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"School Budget update \\u2013 Timothy? (5 mins)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"2022-23 budget with some unofficial ballpark income projections, for reference: \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fZ_RE8EdGV1GxAZpE2tjxOaCkHjLugp3ZywbnRqXodw/edit?usp=sharing\",children:\"TNS working actuals and updated budget projections 22-23 Feb\"})]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Timothy did NOT meet with Dyanthe after all\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Events Calendar \\u2013 Tatiana and Matt (10 mins)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"From archived google files, for reference: \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/0BxAxAG46cJU0S194RnNGMU8yMExEX0hTT0ZuUUVjNGdzMlln/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=108051417169201540382&resourcekey=0-AD4yMSMSR3MQ960rk6A0SQ&rtpof=true&sd=true\",children:\"EventDescriptions.docx\"})]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Events\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"September: Welcome back Potluck, morning breakfast, Neighborhood Day\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"October - Halloween\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"November - picture day & pie sale\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"December - cookie walk, rhythm & rice\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"January - Talent Show,\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"February - Art Day, chocolate walk\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"March - Spring Fling\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"April - Easter weekend & spring break\\u2013 spring fling\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"May - Baseball\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"JUne - field day, beach trip, graduation,\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"New school year communications plan (10 mins)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Parent packets:\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Calendar of events - Matt & Tatiana\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Fundraising request - Amy\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Setting expense expectations\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Teacher giving - Matt & Tatiana\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"We are all responsible for making community\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Committee descriptions\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Swag links - Swag Committee - designer\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Website update?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Board comms for drop-off/pick-ups a la community garden - as follow-up\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Teacher support (5-10 mins)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Who can directly email teachers\\u2013what should we be bringing up at the upcoming meeting\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Mention to\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"may-9-2023\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#may-9-2023\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"May 9, 2023\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Treasurer's Report\"}),\": Adrianne or Adriana as a heads up we will need to have a treasurer's report ready for the PTA meeting next week. I also noticed from the FY cash it looks like expenses are coming in significantly under budget. Is this correct? I missed the treasurer's report last month and just want to make sure we are clear on expenses through Fall 23, summer cash needs, and projected P&L for Fall '23\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Teacher reimbursements - timelines are typically EOY (can we nudge to get this earlier)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Event accounting to delineate expenses and income (can be solved with quick events retro)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"In-Person meeting:\"}),\" reminder that next week's PTA meeting on 5/16 is IRL in the small cafeteria. Due to attendance and participation, I'd like to propose moving all meetings to this time, and having a zoom Q&A/follow up for those who cannot meet in the mornings.\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"NC action item to change June schedule\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Events events events\"}),\": there is a ton going on, we'll do another run through the tactical needs for various end of year events\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Spring Fling Tactical\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"6 tickets sold to date\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Gaby on food (still a need)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Comms - everyone buy tickets and socialize with our peers in our classrooms; personalize the ask\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Flier handout (stack in PTA room)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"STAFF IS FREE!!\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Class parent comms\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"What\\u2019s the TLDR/Value Prop when you are at the Spring Fling - free food, OPEN BAR, DJ, cool art to look at\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Updates/Asks from Dyanthe/Admin\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Community Day - classroom cleanout etc\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Combine with Spring Neighborhood Day (lead needed)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Nominating and elections\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"22\\u201923\\u2019 - no nominating committee?\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Elections did not happen until October (narrative was that it was a COVID-related holdover)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"D1 bylaws - should happen by May/June\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Existing Roles\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Adriana - planning to stay on\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Adrianne - planning to step off\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Amy - potentially interested to move treasurer role\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Nicole - likely to stay\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Comms\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"One sheet - backpack and digital\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Link to existing doc\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Single location dropoff/pickup: planning for 3rd Street for 23\\u201924\\u2019 school year (cannot consolidate this year due to teacher bandwidth); note - teachers prefer the outdoor dropoff to indoor (thinking ahead to inquiries to bring students directly to classrooms as in pre-COVID years)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"How we work and Planning for '23-'24\"}),\": Nominations and Elections are technically slated for June, but we don't yet have a nominating committee or lead. I also have a proposal for addressing a phenomenon I hear about often -- that 90% of the work is done by 10% of the parent community.\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Seasonal planning\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Why?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"How? break up committee work and recruit more execution-level volunteers, specific to the season\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"For example\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Fall: Fall Neighborhood Day, New Family Welcome Comms, Full Community survey, SING, Movie Nights, Bake Sales, Grant Screening, etc.\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Winter: Ice Skating, Annual Ask, Advocacy - testing opt-outs, Grant Writing/Submissions, etc.\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Spring: Spring Neighborhood Day, Community Day, Teacher Appreciation, Graduation, Auction/Spring Fling, Alumni Comms, etc.\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Exec Committee\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Include: Class Parent Lead, Comms Lead, Events Lead\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"apr-11-2023\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#apr-11-2023\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Apr 11, 2023\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsxs)(n.strong,{children:[\"Treasurers Report \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DEZTBxUgc_XICpd9AzPsuWqFBK39h6TE_LBFGdgiobw/edit#gid=921297764\",children:\"Apr 2023 linked here\"})]})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Accounting\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"2nd half of the year - teaching assistant position; check due \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"asap\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"1st half of the year may not have been paid? No record - Adrianne to work through details of historical payments and wire\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Camp reimbursements, buses etc - all clear now? Yes!\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"First year that PTA not paying balance (due to grant that Matt received)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Signatory change-over\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"NC to follow up\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"PTA Venmo, Class Parents, and Accounting - can we have families get into the habit of directly venmoing, what\\u2019s working/what\\u2019s not?\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"People pretty good with notes\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA able to account using the dates\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Signage and Communication updates:\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"No emojis! Excel can\\u2019t read them :)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"#Event name, i.e. BakeSale, MovieNight\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Finance\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA report: Income, YTD v Goal Fundraising, Cash flow \\u2013 Adriana to share by EOW\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Staff Update\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Restorative justice\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Funding for Morningside circle work (full-teacher inclusion) - Dyanthe to share cost estimate with PTA\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"What does proposal need to look like for PTA to make decision, timing for this year and future years?\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Fundraising\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Auction\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Dates\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Donations\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Auction Gala\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Dates\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Tickets - pricing\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Volunteers?\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Ticketed Dinner\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Dates: Mon, 5/22: 5:30 - 7:30 pm EST, Tue, 5/23: 5:30 - 7:30 pm EST, or Tue, 6/6: 5:30 - 7:30 pm EST\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Events Update\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"2 more movie nights\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Candy Walk\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Sing + Bake Sales (separate for school year 23-24)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"1st Week of May: Teacher Appreciation Week (donate food on a Friday for Teachers or by grade band so there is something each day - i.e. Breakfast for the week)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"payment/donation method - even or per class?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"20% for Para/Assistant/Security\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Neighborhood Day\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Beach Pre-K/K1\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Field Day\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.p,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Opt out\"}),\": 87%+ and  aiming to get to 90%\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"For next year:\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Reminder that Participation is a data point to determine TSI status\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Include screener as part of standardized opt-out next year\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Graduation/Yearbook Committees\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Indoor + outdoor reception\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Yearbook: Tree-ring\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Adriana as parent lead\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.h2,{id:\"\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"mar-14-2023\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#mar-14-2023\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Mar 14, 2023\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"topics-for-discussion\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#topics-for-discussion\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Topics for Discussion:\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZZLCj5FEGeHivHglpZYG_tEVqVqgZop25PZAD4mgtq4/edit#\",children:\"Co-pres Weeklies\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Grade 3/4/5 Testing\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"# of opt-outs vs total number of students eligible for testing\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Ice Skating\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Fee gaps - Adriana to ask teachers\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Matt - collecting checks, likely with Adrienne\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"PTA\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Class Parents communications now that we have PTA Venmo - can we have families get into the habit of directly venmo\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Check in with Adrienne on how this reporting/admin should work\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Art Day!\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Fundraising, charging for events\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Action items\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Event calendar: Movie nights? ~$2k per event, Additional events per Tatiana\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"NC - proposal to charge for events if we are under % YTD goal as compared % of year (i.e. if we are 60% into the year and under 60% to fundraising goal); Adriana to support filling out this calculation\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Yearbook\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Graduation\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"D1 Incoming Students?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"See notes, no assignments and TNS (close to capacity, closer to capacity than other schools)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"PTA Room - TY Adriana and Jamie!\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Jamie\\u2019s picture\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.h2,{id:\"-1\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#-1\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"feb-7-2023\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#feb-7-2023\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Feb 7, 2023\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"topics-for-discussion-1\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#topics-for-discussion-1\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Topics for Discussion:\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Suggestions from Amy:\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Teacher morale\\u2013any action items?\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Reach out to Erin (Amy to make intro)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Class parents - appreciation, recognition\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"SLT representative to share out at next PTA meeting (school policy and governance, ie fund distribution) (Nicole to reach out to Aimee)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Valentines Day self-care (Timothy Class Parents comms)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Adz30N5psgYkrWyTf8YDbtMkpnc5yq_dPmaWpjtyOLY/edit?usp=sharing\",children:\"PTA calendar\"}),\" for Google\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"TNS PTA dates added to \\u201CTNS calendar\\u201D (PTA presidents to gain access?)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Save the Date flyer + Fundraising flyer - Generating QR code for Konstella (Amy + Nicole)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Backpack moment\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"For any IRL events - banner?\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Signage for upcoming events\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Treasurer\\u2019s Income update\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Venmo\"}),\" \",(0,e.jsx)(n.del,{children:\"or Paypal\"}),\" integration (YAY Adrianne! Has a \\u2018TNS\\u2019 phone)\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"YTD Fudraising\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Communications\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Internal and external comms (Konstella v website/IG) roles and responsibilities (i.e. can we ask someone on Communications to pull from the Volunteer section of the Newsletter and update on website each week?\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Note to NC - financial report review/sign (PTA pres email)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"prep-for-feb-15-pta-meeting\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#prep-for-feb-15-pta-meeting\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Prep for Feb 15 PTA meeting\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"SLT (Aimee and Alex?), D1, and committee reports as part of agenda?\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Battle of the Bands\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Save for College Q&A\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"December \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TUJJ4PNRFS4AsFxq3r0ALIbUbvfQbE4KDyRnVRe9IHI/edit?usp=sharing\",children:\"Meeting\"}),\" and January \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1V17hEsXKEemOWAnGaPlUsonn-buKIwit-O7HKXV13Io/edit?usp=sharing\",children:\"Meeting\"})]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Dyanthe check-ins: \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZZLCj5FEGeHivHglpZYG_tEVqVqgZop25PZAD4mgtq4/edit#heading=h.ajoblsurm79y\",children:\"co-pres bi-weekly\"}),\" (missed last week) and Amy\\u2019s asks:\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"1) First of all, we're hoping to host another \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Art Day\"}),\" on a Saturday at the school. We'll do our best to host some parent-led workshops outside and in the open spaces on the first floor, but I anticipate needing use of some of the second floor classrooms as well. Currently, we're targeting \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"March 25th\"}),\", but April 1st could be an alternate day if that is better. As soon as you approve a date, I'll be sure to fill out the permit ASAP and will reach out to STAR to see if we can borrow the dance studio again.\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"2) Secondly, we're hoping to start planning for the return of \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Movie Nights\"}),\"!  I know you had given the PTA approval to hold an indoor Movie Night in February, but in looking at the calendar it seems like \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"March 3rd\"}),\" is the earliest, most realistic option. Does that work? Then the other dates we have targeted are:\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Friday, \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"March 31st\"}),\" (Indoor)\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Friday, \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"April 28th\"}),\" (potentially outdoor? indoor back-up)\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Friday, \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"May 26th or June 2nd\"}),\" (outdoor)\"]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"3) Finally, since we're having such a mild winter, we were wondering if we could re-launch \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"outdoor SING\"}),\" at the end of \",(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"March (31st)\"}),\" rather than the end of April. In addition to it being such an important community-building tradition, it is also tied to successful bake sale fundraising so would love to fit one more in this year.\"]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"prep-for-dec-13-pta-meeting\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#prep-for-dec-13-pta-meeting\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Prep for Dec 13 PTA meeting\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"1/17 meeting:\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.del,{children:\"NC check that konstella is updated for morning meeting in cafeteria\"})})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Brooke, Adriana, Amy, Nicole - confirmed to attend\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Action items\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Amy - notes from last meeting\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Budget approval\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Committee leadership\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Needs: Diversity, Community, Arts, Advocacy\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Denise Asks\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Parent ambassadors\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"daycare outreach to speak for recruitment\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"non-English speaking\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"D1 Training (denise inquiring)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"PTA room closet - for kids\\u2019 clothes \\u2018TNS exchange\\u2019 - Denise to keep inventory\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA room cleanout (maybe Amy Warren to lead?) \\u2013 next half day?\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Co-host event with PTA EOY before elections\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Spring Parent appreciation - awards for participation - Class Parents, Tour Volunteers, D1 Event; also becomes recruitment for PTA\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Tour Guide needs/set up etc. (open to any current parent?) - at least 3 parents per tour session\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Denise to share blurb - ie the kids lead and the parents are there to talk about school when relevant questions come up\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Tuesday tour guide needs\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Dyanthe Asks\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Field Trip Grant - set up as a reimbursement does PTA need to issue a check?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Denise\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Parent ambassadors\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"daycare outreach to speak for recruitment\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"non-English speaking\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"D1 Training (denise inquiring)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"PTA room closet - for kids\\u2019 clothes \\u2018TNS exchange\\u2019 - Denise to keep inventory\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA room cleanout (maybe Amy Warren to lead?) \\u2013 next half day?\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Co-host event with PTA EOY before elections\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Spring Parent appreciation - awards for participation - Class Parents, Tour Volunteers, D1 Event; also becomes recruitment for PTA\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Parent Asks\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Newsletter ongoing support\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Template\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Dyanthe\\u2019s message\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Volunteer Corner\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Announcements (list TNSPresident email for inbound from parent community)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Fundraising\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Treasurers Report\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Fundraising\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vJViH3Pj89ESw5mUvznHqJaL3cdv_6M37uRKRAzBpN4/edit\",children:\"Annual Ask\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Raised to Date\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Meeting next week\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Budget voting\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"See Adrianne\\u2019s email\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Volunteer Corner\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Ice skating  - Dyanthe to make the ask/callout community\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Diversity\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Tour Guides (covered above)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"What\\u2019s Around the Bend\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Adz30N5psgYkrWyTf8YDbtMkpnc5yq_dPmaWpjtyOLY/edit#gid=0\",children:\"TNS Calendar 22-23\"}),\" (internal)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"HIstorical: \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XDox1pAia1TL_xGZ04jGE7EKeUYnrjVxI1NxG3mYZ-g/edit#gid=1972890706\",children:\"2018/2019 Calendar/Committee Leads\"})]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Community Engagement Survey / NPS\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Graduation + Yearbook\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Admin reminders (exec only)\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA mailbox\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Domain name expiration notice \\u2192 Alex Estes\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"New Victory Theater tickets (auction winner) --> Amy\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.h2,{id:\"-2\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#-2\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"dec-7-2022\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#dec-7-2022\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Dec 7, 2022\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"prep-for-dec-13-pta-meeting-1\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#prep-for-dec-13-pta-meeting-1\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Prep for Dec 13 PTA meeting\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Pre-Comms w Dyanthe (Nicole)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Indoor events for winter? I.e. Sing, fundraising Movie Nights (wait until Feb, adults must show proof of vax)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Spring outdoor events in courtyard to make events 100% inclusive\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Staff:\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Nurse double check (agency nurse, last day 12/22 of current; no news yet on who it will be \\u2013 not a budget issue, an agency/logistics issue; FYI it is DOE budget; school is def on high alert because of % student body administered meds during school day)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"AP - guarantee for next year, but may be possible to bring someone on March \\u201823. Dyanthe + superintendent with process to-come\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"FYI PTA cannot fund an AP directly\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"(but we can fund other initiatives that would then free up budget for AP)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Budget (amy\\u2019s ask)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Arts+Enrichment\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"School Sounds\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Studio in th School\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"3rd Street Music\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Coach Juan\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Camp\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"NYC Ballet Co. Partnership\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Community+Diversity+Inclusion\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Ackerman Institute\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"EJRoc\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"The Talk\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Admin\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Graduation + Yearbook\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Agenda WIP - (Amy)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.em,{children:\"Seasonal/Timeliness:\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Teacher & Staff Appreciation: \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SqkKtK2kE_vlg4IVkEPleOkAjTMCR2oIxu0chKgQ408/edit#heading=h.21j4nc6fwxjv\",children:\"Holiday Gifts\"})]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Calendar Review\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Jan/Feb Tours (FULL!)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.em,{children:\"Dyanthe Update\"})}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.em,{children:\"Staff\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"School Nurse via agency\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"AP situation (Dyanthe update)\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.em,{children:\"Erin\\u2019s Update\"})}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.em,{children:\"Budget Approval (lean vs goal income) (Amy+Adrianne)\"})}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.em,{children:\"Committees\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Encourage Parents to step up (Amy)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Arts committee - how it started, how it helped our community\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Others: Advocacy, Diversity, Garden, Wellness, Eco, Graduation, Yearbook, Fundraising, Communications\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Identify a need\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Identify partners/goals/budget\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Make it happen!\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Fundraising\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"NEW: External Annual Ask\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Parents Annual Ask\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"PTA Room\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Apply for window open-up?\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Continue the Cleanup! I.e. bringing back Community Day - Spring\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.em,{children:\"Survey (NC)\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Parents\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Teachers\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Fundraising\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Communication\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Post-survey deliverable: Communication landscape- (NC)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Class Parents (Shannon, Amanda)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Teachers (?? SLT - Aimee)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Dyanthe (Timothy, Nicole)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"D1 (Brooke)\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Exec Committee\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Execution (move to survey only)\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA Minutes and Agendas\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Newsletter\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Tools: Konstella, Google Docs, WhatsApp\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"??\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.table,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.thead,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.tr,{children:(0,e.jsxs)(n.th,{children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://www.konstella.com/activity-preview.html?usg=CNwJJWQliPnI9iQ5YR4%2Ffw%3D%3D&tst=1670345437687&prm=activityId,uid,enableTranslator&activityId=638f72939b989b3a44ddfd66&uid=5fabf51e9adf13cd2ce5fc71&enableTranslator=true\",children:\"Translate Email\"}),\" Dyanthe's Letter and TNS Newsletter 12.6.22 The Neighborhood School Dear Families, Part of our work this year is building and strengthening our school community and wanting to hear new voices and ways of thinking forward.  Historically,  TNS Committees, made up of staff and parents, were core structures in our school.  They moved us along in our work as a small, progressive, and fiercely independent school within a much larger system.  They included the Diversity Committee, the Advocacy Committee, the Grants Committee, the Garden Committee, the Wellness Committee, and the Health and Safety Committee, to name a few.  Some of these were in response to issues facing TNS that particular year; others are long-lasting because the work is continuous and ever-evolving.   While some of these committees are still active, others must be revived and reimagined post-COVID.\"]})})})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"nov-11-2022--pta-exec-intro--handoffs\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#nov-11-2022--pta-exec-intro--handoffs\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Nov 11, 2022 | \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=MjdtdG9rdWNqc3V1ZGRmNnZ1amplNDNhdDAgbmljb2xlQHRoZXNwbGVuZGlkc3Bvb24uY29t\",children:\"PTA Exec intro & Handoffs\"})]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.p,{children:[\"Attendees: \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"mailto:amandariesman@gmail.com\",children:\"Amanda Riesman\"}),\" \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"mailto:aohammonds@gmail.com\",children:\"Adriana Hammonds\"}),\" \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"mailto:apoueymirou@gmail.com\",children:\"A P\"}),\" \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"mailto:bottledspider@gmail.com\",children:\"Timothy Tait\"}),\" \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"mailto:brookemoreland@gmail.com\",children:\"brookemoreland@gmail.com\"}),\" \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"mailto:chanquist@gmail.com\",children:\"The Chanquists\"}),\" \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"mailto:coral.nogueras@gmail.com\",children:\"Coral Nogueras\"}),\" \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"mailto:nicole@thesplendidspoon.com\",children:\"Nicole Centeno\"}),\" \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"mailto:santiago.adrianne@gmail.com\",children:\"santiago.adrianne@gmail.com\"})]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"group-prompt\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#group-prompt\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Group Prompt\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.em,{children:\"What\\u2019s your \\u2018one thing\\u2019 you\\u2019d like us to focus on this year?\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Timothy\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Brooke\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Amy\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Encouraging more parents to play leadership roles; bringing back\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Adrianne\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Adriana\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Coral\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Nicole\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Defining the role of president as conduit between parents, teachers and Dyanthe - clarifying the most pressing issues of our community and helping to create a path to make it easier for parents to get involved/keep building.\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.h2,{id:\"-3\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#-3\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.strong,{children:\"Hand-off details\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Aimee suggests talking about some of the hand-off issues in two ways: background context, and brass tacks of how things get done like Konstella\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Amanda shares document: \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A3-pB6xrdEO4THMb74SgGnhk1YKIrEal-n4IqX_gJrk/edit?usp=sharing\",children:\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A3-pB6xrdEO4THMb74SgGnhk1YKIrEal-n4IqX_gJrk/edit?usp=sharing\"})]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Amanda mentions Harvey Epstein, our assembly member, as an important contact to hold-on to as he\\u2019s a former PTA Pres. and accessible and has a discretionary fund for capital projects. His chief of staff is also very accessible\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"SLT and Matt are facilitating the ongoing process of Title I funding and test scores\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA operational manual may have passwords that we are currently missing like the events gmail. Important questions: Do we need all of those email accounts? And if so, we need to follow-up with Cheryl, who we think is the point person on the TNS time.\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Amanda suggests that the secretaries review doc and maybe coordinate/prioritize information and insert into Operational Manual\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Amanda suggests that we consider bringing in more people as leads for parent engagement, fundraising, and events to fill out the executive committee.\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"There\\u2019s also the communication aspect and Amanda wonders if the secretary role can help out with specifically with newsletter; managing Konstella as well\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Timothy offers to help take over Konstella\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Question around Parent Engagement Officers of the PTA Exec Committee\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Also an overall structure for sharing notes and communicating with the rest of the parents should be discussed and improved. There is a need for someone to manage communication and priorities for Class Parents\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Discussion around how to consolidate/prioritize committees\\u2013single sign-ups vs. committee; question around how we let every parent know that there are opportunities for volunteering\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Amanda mentioned that there is an opportunity through Konstella to accept donations\\u2013monthly donations. Set it and hopefully people continue to renew it each and treat it something like Netflix.\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Amanda mentioned two other committees that could be re-invigorated: Wellness and Diversity Committee, which turned into the ABAR book club, which then dissolved because we didn\\u2019t have a co-parent lead. Amanda spoke to Raquel about relaunching these committees and suggested Arnette Scott\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Amanda wanted to raise a couple of budget questions\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Currently ballet program, American Ballet Company, is not in the budget. Amy suggested asking Dyanthe since sometimes the school covers the program\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Farm sleep-away camp is currently not being planned yet since the Farm won\\u2019t accept external groups\\u2013Follow-up with Grace about the other camp they\\u2019ve gone to.\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Sex Ed needs to come back for 4th & 5th grades\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"By-laws pending item: DOE wanted us to vote to approve Zoom meetings. Also approved the use of a debit card. Question worth asking again: can we officially have Venmo?\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.h2,{id:\"-4\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#-4\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"brass-tacks-stuff\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#brass-tacks-stuff\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"Brass Tacks stuff\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.p,{children:[\"People\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"Co-Pres: Nicole, Tim\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"Co-Secretary: Amy, Coral, (Robert?)\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"Co-Treasurer: Adrianne, Adriana\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"Committee Heads\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"SLT\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"D1\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.p,{children:[\"Projects\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"Community Events\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"Fundraising Goals\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"Committees\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.p,{children:[\"Process\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"Konstella\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://www.konstella.com/public/training.html\",children:\"Training\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"TNS + DOE = Google\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"PTA/Parents = Konstella\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.p,{children:[\"Committee Playbooks\",(0,e.jsx)(n.br,{}),`\n`,\"Event Playbooks\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:(0,e.jsx)(n.em,{children:\"LikeWishWonder\"})}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"TNS as a community\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"More parents in the community\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Pandemic feeling among parents moving more positive\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Zoom\\u2019d out!\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.h2,{id:\"1115-agenda\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{className:\"subheading-anchor\",\"aria-label\":\"Link to section\",href:\"#1115-agenda\",children:(0,e.jsx)(n.span,{className:\"icon icon-link\"})}),\"11/15 Agenda\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Dyanthe - Principal\\u2019s report\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Morning hour w Dyanthe topic: Newscycle\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Erin - Teacher report\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Turn the floor to PTA\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Who/What/How: New Exec team, Calendar, Konstella\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.p,{children:[\"Treasurer's report, \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YAqkvNkFqWD6L_gMo3yhodY51l5BlIAu4VQBNlogMlw/edit#gid=1695590894\",children:\"22-23 Budget\"}),\", \",(0,e.jsx)(n.a,{href:\"https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1sIA83fiHt4yO9fpoo8GVOM0O7Ja6D-2H\",children:\"Meeting Video\"})]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"Action item: Annual Ask for family donation\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Most pressing needs\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{children:[\"Committees 1H/2H\",`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.li,{children:\"**Fundraising\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"- Bake squad: reminder that the thanksgiving pie sale is next week, tuesday and wednesday. Anyone interested can join on konstella. Parents can purchase pies for their teachers, as well.\"}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsx)(n.p,{children:\"Action items\"}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.ul,{className:\"contains-task-list\",children:[`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{className:\"task-list-item\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.input,{type:\"checkbox\",disabled:!0}),\" \",\"MJ to Send invite for PTA Meeting\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{className:\"task-list-item\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.input,{type:\"checkbox\",disabled:!0}),\" \",\"Bank account info/Venmo info \\u2192 Timothy + Nicole for Neighborhood Day transfers\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{className:\"task-list-item\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.input,{type:\"checkbox\",disabled:!0}),\" \",\"Adriana looking into Venmo capability for TNS/PTA\"]}),`\n`,(0,e.jsxs)(n.li,{className:\"task-list-item\",children:[(0,e.jsx)(n.input,{type:\"checkbox\",disabled:!0}),\" \",\"D1 Meeting - Timothy/Brooke/Nicole\"]}),`\n`]})]})}function s(i={}){let{wrapper:n}=i.components||{};return n?(0,e.jsx)(n,{...i,children:(0,e.jsx)(h,{...i})}):h(i)}return w(v);})();\n;return Component;"
  },
  "_id": "docs/about/meetings/minutes/2022-23.mdx",
  "_raw": {
    "sourceFilePath": "docs/about/meetings/minutes/2022-23.mdx",
    "sourceFileName": "2022-23.mdx",
    "sourceFileDir": "docs/about/meetings/minutes",
    "contentType": "mdx",
    "flattenedPath": "docs/about/meetings/minutes/2022-23"
  },
  "type": "Doc",
  "slug": "/docs/about/meetings/minutes/2022-23",
  "slugAsParams": "about/meetings/minutes/2022-23"
}